## WickedWellness - an MLH ImpracticalHackers 2 Project

## 💡 Inspiration
The inspiration for the most impractical wellness websites comes from other more popular wellness websites. Usually, mental health, mindfulness, and wellness websites are made in order to make your day easier, reduce your stress, and give you inspiration. For ImpracticalHackers2, I decided to make something that was the direct opposite. Something that would ruin your life or your day singlehandedly, which turned out to be quite impractical!

## 🤔 What it does
WickedWellness is a webapp that allows you for three different functions: the organizer, the meditation center, and the inspiration booth (all of which are completely impractical and malicious). The organizer is a run-of-the-mill task calendar. 
In this organizer, you can add tasks of varying importance and dates that relate to your school, work, or personal life. However, there's a twist! The cancel button and submit button are switched and, also, the most important function- sorting the tasks from most important to least important- are completely backwards and made to make your day and task organization even _worse_. Using NLP, the sorting mechanism does the opposite! Additionally, the website also sends you an email using the Email API in Twilio, reminding you of your tasks using the date that you enter. This also has a twist, obviously, because the Email API actually reminds you of the task at the completely wrong time, messing up your schedule.
The other feature includes the Meditation Center, where you can calm down and take a breather for the day. Not really of course. The Meditiation Center at first seems calm, with a breathing measure and soothing music playing in the background. However, every few seconds, images and memes come up that are made to distract you from meditation and ALSO ruin your relaxation with loud sounds that distract you too. This goes on for a loop.
The final feature is an inspiration machine. If you're feeling down or demotivated, this service is sure to make your day a little worse by giving you completely wrong and mis interpretative motivational quotes that make absolutely no sense! Check it out at the demo!

## ⚙️ How we built it
The front-end of WickedWellness is made by Wix, while the backend and JavaScript code for the website is provided by the Velo editor by Wix, which made it much easier to write code and handle everything. This organizer uses a database feeding system, where you can add in tasks to the database and show them on Repeater blocks in order to actually show the multiple tasks to the user. For the sorting system, the organizer and Velo uses brain.js along with the data that we made to do the exact opposite of prioritizing your tasks in a successive manner through Natural Language Processing and analyzing the context of each string in the bag of words to determine its actual importance. It also takes into account importance using the tag that the user applies and also the date. For the Email API, I used Twilio API in order to send badly timed reminder texts of the tasks to the user, which were quite difficult to pull off. The Meditation Center was made strictly using Velo by Wix, WixAnimationHelper, and JavaScript in order to make these images and sounds pop up randomly while you are relaxed. Additionally, a lot of the information was saved in datasets which were also provided by Velo. For the Inspirational Site, I used Axios, an NPM package, https, Promises, and more to return a "motivational" image from InspiroBot in order to actually show different images to the user based on whether they click the button.

## 💪 Challenges we ran into
1. The first challenge I ran into was using Natural Language Processing. In order to make sure that priority was in increasing manner in order to show the user the opposite of priority tasks, I had to learn multi-class classification for NLP and had to actually make my own dataset (again), which took a lot of time.
2. The second challenge that I had was learning WixAnimationHelper. Unlike Canvas in HTML5, I'm not very familiar with WixAnimationHelper and animation, which I had to learn while coding WickedWellness.
3. The third challenge was using https, Promises, and JavaScript in the motivational site as well as the Meditation Center as the audio kept on pausing and I had to use Promises as well as time delays to time them correctly. Additionally, when I was trying to get data from the InspirioBot, I had to uses promises and eventually Axios in order to return the data and show it to Wix users, which was quite difficult and time-consuming. CORS wasn't friendly either

## ⏭️ What's next for WickedWellness
I think what's next for WickedWellness is a few things: I could make the UI for the organizer better quality and make more "troll messages" in order to make it even more impractical. Additionally, the timing of the Meditation Center and the Inspirational Center could also be improved. Finally, I think I would in general add more features that are common to Wellness Apps (such as a blog, that jokes with you instead)
